Here we are.
This is our class view of customer java, which is defined inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary packages.
Then there is a public class wave customer which is extending the frame.
We have defined
this class and after that we have defined the connection is instance as null a j panel a table and there
are six labels.
Inside the main function, we have called our class and set the visibility of the frame as true.
After that we have defined the non parameter as constructor of the.
Class setting the default close operation for the window.
Bound for the window.
Defining a new panel.
But of that panel, adding it to the frame and setting the layout of that panel.
Then we are creating an image and adding that image to the label, adding that label to our frame.
After that, we have created another image.
Adding that image to the label, setting the tone for the label, adding that label to the frame.
After that, we have created the new instance of the table setting the bound for the table, adding
that table to our panel.
Then inside the block, we have initialized the connection and created a query inside the string that
is select as from customer because that is a view customer class.
So it will use to show the check the details of the customer.
So results that are stored execute will display customer.
So this will execute the query inside the string.
Then we have set the table model.
This will set the model for the table.
How the table will look like in our output cache block will handle any exception.
If it occurs, then there is a button button you knew button back, which is a back button which will
be used to move back from this window.
Inside it sets an action performance method.
We have set the visibility of the current window as follows and this button will be used to close this
window.
Then we have set the bound for the button.
Background colour and foreground colour of the button.
Added that button to our.
Frame after that.
We have.
On the label.
Named as user name and label type.
And the label has a number.
Then there is a name, a label as a name, and under the label, gender, country, address, phone
number, email.
And at last we have set the background color of fight.
Remember for all of these labels.
We have set the bounds of these labels, which will show the location and size of these labels, and
added that those labels to our panel so that this will be available and shown whenever we will see the
details of the customers.
So.
This is about the consumer class, which will be used to see the output or details of the customers
which have been stored in our database.
Now let's have a look on the delete customer class, which will be used to delete the details of the
customer.
So this.
Class have also been defined inside the package travel.
The necessary packages have been imported after we have defined the class, which is extending the frame.
There is a private instance of a panel.
And the choice even then we have.
Defined the main method inside which we have created the instance of the current class and set the visibility
of that class as true.
After that, we have defined the normal non parameter constructor for our class that is delete customer
constructor for which we have set the bound for the panel.
Creating another panel setting panel to frame and its layout.
After that, we have created an image adding that image to the label, setting the bound for that label,
adding that label to our frame.
After that, there is another label.
Labeling delete customer details, setting font for it, bound for it, and adding that label to our
panel.
After that, there is a label L three, which is user name setting bound for it, adding that to a frame.
After that, there is a choice instance for which we have created the connection inside that block.
We have created the results set query which will be executing select select extract from customer for
while next.
This will add the user names of the customer in our C one choice instance, and then we will close the
RS connection and after that we will set the bound for the C one choice and add that second choice to
our frame.
After that, there is a label ID setting bound for it, adding that to our.
Panel.
Then there is a label which is a label which does not label selling bound for it, adding that to our
panel.
After that, there is a label number setting bound for it and adding that to our panel.
Then there is another record label sitting bound for it and adding that to our panel.
Then there's another label name setting bound for it, adding that to our panel with respect to it.
There is another back end label setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Similarly for here, we have a panel label for gender setting bound for it, adding that, adding that
top panel.
Then with respect to the gender, there is a.
Record label setting bound for it.
Adding to that, our panel.
Then there is a label for the country similarly for it, which we have.
Record label.
Then there is for the permanent label.
With respect, there is a back end label.
After that, there is a label checking status, label phone number.
With respect to we have a label.
Back and label.
After that there is a label for the email.
With respect to that, we have an empty label now inside the button check.
This is the button check label.
Let's check for the button check.
We have performed the X and performed which will establish a connection with our database and execute
a query inside the right that is select as from customer where user is equals to see one product selected
item.
So the user name which we will select from the choice one which for that particular user name, that
record of that customer will be fetched from the customer table and then we will add those respective
fields of that customer and present add those fields to our labels that we have first initialized as
NULL.
These labels like HL7 does not have a value.
So then we have set the text in these labels so that we can the information of that customer will be
appeared in our window.
When we will click on this check button.
Then we have set the bound for that button background filter for that button, foreground color forward
button and adding that button to our panel after after that we have created another button.
Delete or delete button will be used to delete the record.
So inside action performed, establish the connection with the database class.
Then inside the trip log we have created the string as 17. get selected item which will select the username
from the choice I inside the string key when we have created the query update from customer where username
will be S1.
So for the particular username, the this statement will fetch the record for that particular customer.
Now see start execute query will execute the query and update the information in the table and display
a dialog box by using option pane which will display customer details deleted successfully.
Cache block will underline the exception if a course.
Then we have set the bound for the button background color of the button foreground color of the button
and adding that button to our panel.
Then there is the exit button back for which we have defined the action perform method inside which
we will setting the visibility of the current window as false.
After that, we have set the bound for the exit button background colour, for example, for the exit
button and adding that exit into our panel.
At last we have defined the background colour of the window as white.
Then there is another class, which is a check package class.
So let's have a look on the check tag class.
It is defined inside the package travel.
We have defined its imported packages.
0.0.8.106. swing public class check package extending j frame.
In the main function, we have created the object of the check package and set the visibility of the
frame as true.
We have defined the non parameterized constructor of this class inside which you have set the bound
for the window, setting the visibility of the window as true.
After that, there is a three.
Array of strengths.
Package one, package to package three, which will be containing the information of the package.
First column of first element of both trace strings containing the images, name and extension.
After that, there is a gold package, silver package, brand package, then 67 nights with respect
to package details.
These strings will be containing and after that there is a we have defined tab the pain and create that
pain by using a pin and added that tab pin or added package within that tab pin.
Similarly, for the P to edit package two and similarly for the P three, we have added package three.
Then we have added the tab to pin with the border layout center in our frame.
After that, there is a public panel create package.
So this is a method which is returning panel and it is taking a string of packs.
So it will take a string of pack and it will take an array of strings.
Now we have defined the panel, set the layout background color, white, we have defined an image,
added that to label setting the bound for the label, adding that label to our panel, after which we
have defined another label pack.
Similarly
now pack one.
So this label will be storing the pack one.
Element of the pack one string which will be passed to it under the label, pack two, pack three.
Similarly for the respective elements, there are label pack for five, six, seven.
Then there is a pack eight.
Nine, ten and 11, all the bags have been added.
So this is the check package class.
So let me show you the result of this class.
So first we will be running the customer class.
So run file.
This is how the customer class will look like as they have not added any customer details.
So no details have been shown yet.
We will be adding those details and.
The library of this program.
I will click on back.
Now let me show you the delete customer class how it will look like.
Parent file.
This is how the customer class look.
User name list does not contain any list as we have not added any customer when we will add the customer.
Then the list of the user names will appear here and we have to select a one user name to delete.
And after that we will.
Then we press on check.
Then these.
All the details of that user name will be shown here, but as there are no any user yet in our database,
so that's why it is not showing it.
Then there is a check package class.
Let me run this also.
So this is the package check package class where you can check the details of the package.
So package one is gold package.
These are the details of the package and there is the rate return package when you can click on package
to package three as well.
So these are the packages.
Let me close this.
So in this video, we have learned about these three classes.